Add field enablement to rollout documentation (#2485)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/product-engineering/product/process/rollout_process.md

1. All customer-facing/public comms should be reviewed by marketing for L1 launches.

## Field enablement

> Beyond coordinating with marketing on the different launch levels above, when you are launching a new feature it's important to arm the sales, support, and CS teams with the resources they need to successfully get your amazing new features into the hands of customers. This can be simple and straightforward for small features, or quite detailed for large L1 feature launches. An example of a highly complex launch done extremely well is this [field enablement deck for Code Insights](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xQNsieWSEgMFRxSOIttuMQZksubvwo7THqURC88pmRk/edit?usp=sharing) (internal only).

Author: ```suggestion
Beyond coordinating with marketing on the different launch levels above, when you are launching a new feature it's important to work with [sales enablement](../../../../sales/sales-enablement/index.md) to arm the sales, support, and CS teams with the resources they need to successfully get your new features into the hands of customers. This can be simple and straightforward for small features, or quite detailed for large L1 feature launches. An example of a highly complex launch done extremely well is this [field enablement deck for Code Insights](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xQNsieWSEgMFRxSOIttuMQZksubvwo7THqURC88pmRk/edit?usp=sharing) (internal only).
```

> Beyond coordinating with marketing on the different launch levels above, when you are launching a new feature it's important to work with [sales enablement](../../../../sales/sales-enablement/index.md) to arm the sales, support, and CS teams with the resources they need to successfully get your new features into the hands of customers. This can be simple and straightforward for small features, or quite detailed for large L1 feature launches. An example of a highly complex launch done extremely well is this [field enablement deck for Code Insights](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xQNsieWSEgMFRxSOIttuMQZksubvwo7THqURC88pmRk/edit?usp=sharing) (internal only).

Author: ```suggestion
Beyond coordinating with marketing on the different launch levels above, when you are launching a new feature it's important to work with [sales enablement](../../../sales/sales-enablement/index.md) to arm the sales, support, and CS teams with the resources they need to successfully get your new features into the hands of customers. This can be simple and straightforward for small features, or quite detailed for large L1 feature launches. An example of a highly complex launch done extremely well is this [field enablement deck for Code Insights](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xQNsieWSEgMFRxSOIttuMQZksubvwo7THqURC88pmRk/edit?usp=sharing) (internal only).
```
